Kakababu...
Look!
He seems injured...
He has been gutted from inside.
Wh-what is happening?
Do you have any idea?
I think there's been a landslide
somewhere, that's why...
Selenarctos thibetanus.
What toss?
Run! Run!
Also known as Ursus thibetanus thibetanus.
I can't understand what you are saying. There's
been a landslide. People are running away...
Latin.
The literal translation
is Asiatic Black Bear.
Bear?
Yes, fool. Look!
No sign of landslide there.
There must be a bear on the prowl.
That's why everyone is running away.
- Okay. Then let's get out of here...
- No, no, no...
We will continue on our path.
We have to return to the hotel.
Haven't finished packing yet.
It's not Bombay or Delhi that there
will be a flight every half an hour.
This is Thyanboche...
Where eagles dare...
But Kakababu, it's a wild bear... ferocious...
you saw what it has done to the other guy...
Yes, but he didn't have this.
Anywhere I go, this is
a bare necessity and...
If this with me, then the
possibilty of a bear hug is quite low.
Haha... Come on...
- Kakababu, it's a wild bear...
- Don't worry. Let's go...
- Wild bear, Kakababu...
- Come...
Whose motto is only winning
Whose only weapon is his incredible brain
So many obstacles and attacks along the way
Were smashed with just a crutch
Whose motto is only winning
Whose only weapon is his incredible brain
So many obstacles and attacks along the way
Were smashed with just a crutch
Wars across the horizon are yet to be won
Raja is taking the field thereby
Never afraid of falling, fighting or even
dying Just like the rustling of gusty wind
Will see the end of everything whatever that
costs The sole reason of all his adventures
Never afraid of falling, fighting or even
dying Just like the rustling of gusty wind
Will see the end of everything whatever that
costs The sole reason of all his adventures
- Kakababu... Kakababu...
- Hmmm...
Where did this tooth come from?
Why are we carrying it? Please, tell me.
I'll tell you later.
You should curb your appetite now.
You've had enough adventure, haven't you?
No, no. Its not that.
When you first told me...
Hey... do you want to go to Mt. Everest?
Huh?!? Where?!? What?!?
You were a fish out of water
at the mention of Mt. Everest... hahaha...
What are you saying? Of course, I
am surprised. This is not Tiger Hills.
Mt. Everest, Kakababu!
It's the highest peak in the world!
29,028 feet high! Unbelievable!
Believable... But it will be
wrong to do so. 29,035 feet.
I had told you before also that the Himalayas
grow two and a half inches every year.
Just like "Complan Boy". Its time you
went beyond your school's textbooks.
Hmmm... that I will do. But where are
we starting our climb from? Nepal or India?
I didn't say we will climb.
I said we will go.
Oh no... We won't climb?
We will climb if we have to.
Let's see...
Okay, now tell me what's common
between wireless and Mt. Everest?
What?
Jagadish Bose discovered wireless.
But the credit was given to Marconi.
And in a similar way, Radhanath Sikdar
was the one who discovered the peak, but...
His boss at the Geological Survey of India,
Sir Everest, became immortal...
You know, we have a
strange colonial hangover.
Science, literature...
whatever discipline it might be...
If it's a new thought or achievement,
it has to be foreign.
So, you are telling me, our new adventure
is on Mt. Sikdar.
Wars across the horizon are yet to be won
Raja is taking the field thereby
Never afraid of falling, fighting or even
dying Just like the rustling of gusty wind
Will see the end of everything whatever that
costs The sole reason of all his adventures
Never afraid of falling, fighting or even
dying Just like the rustling of gusty wind
Will see the end of everything whatever that
costs The sole reason of all his adventures
Wars across the horizon are yet to be won
Raja is taking the field thereby
Kakababu?
- Is that an avalanche?
- Avalanche.
Snowslide.
It destroys numerous villages at one go.
In fact, that's where we went day before
to meet the sherpas.
Lucky break, right?
Logic unlocks all the questions
One cannot deceive and hide from it
The one who believes in black and white
Can finish every sin all by himself
Logic unlocks all the questions
One cannot deceive and hide from it
The one who believes in black and white
Can finish every sin all by himself
Wars across the horizon are yet to be won
Raja is taking the field thereby
Never afraid of falling, fighting or even
dying Just like a rustling of gusty wind
Will see the end of everything whatever that
costs The sole reason of all his adventures
Never afraid of falling, fighting or even
dying Just like a rustling of gusty wind
Will see the end of everything whatever that
costs The sole reason of all his adventures
You didn't sleep?
Well, I am actually still sleeping.
People sleepwalk and I pretend to be an
astronomer looking through my binoculars. Idiot!
Its not that.
I didn't see you downstairs... That's...
Stop asking stupid questions
and check if you can see anything.
Nope. I don't see anything.
The moonlight is making the snow glitter.
- Kala Patthar where you can see Everest from... Yes...
- Yes, that side...
Okay, don't look straight.
Look to your right.
- Right side...
- Towards the black rock...
- Do you see something moving?
- Ummm, nope. There's nothing there.
No. There is nothing.
- What's on your mind?
- Hmmm...
Nothing... You go back to bed...
I will come down in a bit...
Good Morning! Open the door.
- Morning, Santu!
- Good morning!
Morning, Uncle!
Good morning, Mingma!
Coffee?
Uncle... Santu...
Thank you!
- Pour some for yourself also.
- I've already had, Uncle.
Mingma, how is the weather today?
The weather is fantastic, Uncle!
The sky is clear. There's not much wind.
Perfect day to move ahead.
Then, should we make a move?
I'll ask everyone to pack up the camp.
No, Mingma.
We'll have to stay here
for a few more days.
As you wish, Uncle.
I'll go out for a bit.
Go.
Hey, why are you so angry?
Let's go for a walk.
- Do you know Sherpas?
- What do you mean?
My friend, Sherpas are brave people.
We do courageous things.
We do not care about danger.
We can go for days without food.
We can walk miles without stopping.
But camping here at the same place
for days is okay for tourists like you...
But its not okay for Sherpas like us.
I can understand.
But don't worry.
I'm sure Kakababu has a plan.
What plan are you talking about, Santu?
We've been camping
here for the last 15 days.
Are we going to scale mountains
or should we just continue our picnic?
Okay, listen to what I have to say.
You tell Uncle that we
have to leave this place.
Uncle will not be able
to because of his leg.
We can ask him to wait at the dome.
Get it? And we can take South Col
to climb Chomolungma.
What? Where?
What you guys call the Everest.
Chomolungma... Fascinating!
What's this, Norbu?
- Tijuti.
- Tijuti? What's that?
Fool!
Whatever!
Mingma! Oh, Mingma!
Wait, wait, wait.
What's Tijuti?
Tijuti?
Tijuti is a little smaller than you.
What do you mean?
See. Tijuti is a little smaller than you.
Miti is a little bigger than you.
The fully grown, biggest
of them all, is a Yeti.
Yeti? Have you ever seen one?
No! I have never seen.
But I have heard a lot about it
from my grandfather and his father...
I don't know if they have seen or not.
But there's an old man in the village
who has seen one for sure.
It is furry like a bear...
It has long limbs like a monkey...
It has big eyes and huge teeth...
What?
We've not come here to scale the Everest.
We've come to look for the yeti, right?
Wow! Junior Archimedes!
Your very own "Eureka! Eureka!" moment.
It's a good thing you are
wearing some clothes.
Come on, Kakababu!
Tell me, to what does that tooth belong?
It belongs to a yeti, right?
It's the teeth, which is our identity...
The time has come to unravel history...
Then listen to this story...
Those three teeth that were
scattered with the plate...
Only two were ever found...
Later, Professor Koeningswald gave one
tooth to his best friend, Michael Shipton.
And he had donated the other one
to New York's Museum of Natural History.
- And the third one is with you.
- Smart!
And I got it from a famous anthropologist
called Sir Arthur Rockbottom.
And he had bought it
from an attendant at the club.
So, this tooth really belongs to a yeti?
- Put it down.
- Yes, I'm sorry...
There is still some
mystery about it, Santu...
According to Rockbottom, the carbon dating of this
tooth reveals its age to be around 150 to 200 years old.
And it belongs to a gigantic half-ape,
half-human creature.
Almost like Ghatotkach
from the Mahabharata.
On the other hand, the yeti has never been described
to be such a huge creature in the local folklores.
At the most, it is like Hagrid
from the Harry Potter novels...
A hybrid between a bear
and a monkey may be...
But yes, the feet are like human
and the size is that of an elephant.
But instead of five
fingers, it has only four.
Hmmm, understood.
But why exactly have we come here?
And what do you keep looking for
with your binoculars at night?
The last piece jigsaw piece.
- You remember Michael Shipton?
- Hmmm...
He had a son, Caine Shipton.
Famous explorer...
He got the tooth from his father.
And considered it to be very lucky
and wore it around his neck.
Round three years back he had come here
for an Everest expedition.
But poor guy never made it back home.
And his body was also not found.
Caine Shipton just disappeared
under very mysterious circumstances.
- And the most interesting thing?
- What?
He used to stay in this very dome.
And stared out of that window
with his binoculars at night.
And he maintained this diary.
- It has completely stopped raining.
- Yes, the sky is very clear.
Where's Mingma?
Mingma. Mingma!
- Yes, Uncle!
- There he is...
Come here.
- It has stopped raining.
- Yes! Let's pack up the camp then?
No. We will have to stay here
for a few more days.
Let's go towards the Kala Pathhar.
Got it?
What is the sky telling you?
Will we get a glimpse of the Everest?
Yes, Uncle! Of course,
we will be able to see it.
- But do we have to stay here for longer?
- Yes, we will have to.
Come, let's go for a walk. Come.
- Mingma?
- Yes, Uncle.
Have you heard of Caine Shipton?
He had come here
on an expedition two years back.
Yes, Uncle.
But I didn't come.
My friend, Tsering,
had accompanied him.
I've heard Mr. Shipton was a jolly fellow.
He had a great sense of humour.
He was in great shape too.
Everyone was certain,
he'll be able to climb Mt. Everest.
But he died because
he didn't listen to anyone.
What do you mean?
There are some principles
and rules in these mountains.
Don't go anywhere alone.
Always take your Sherpa along.
Mr. Shipton was somewhat of a daredevil.
He didn't listen to anyone.
He went out for a walk alone
and got lost in the snow.
- In a crevasse like this?
- It's quite possible.
There are crevasses, cracks,
fissures, rockfalls...
There are frozen rivers...
There is loose snow,
avalanche, blizzard...
And yeti?
- Are there any yetis?
- What?
There is a strange incident
mentioned in Shipton's diary.
Although it doesn't have anything to do
with his death or disappearance.
But still...
What is written in the diary?
Why did you stop?
Nothing to be scared of.
Let's keep moving.
He had written that on one of his treks...
He had encountered a huge, furry creature
which was almost thrice his size...
What?
Yes, the strange part is the creature
disappeared before attacking him...
- Right in front of Shipton's eyes...
- Invisible? Meaning...
One of our local myths say that yetis
can disappear after eating a special plant.
I know. I read some of Shipton's entries
about the local myths.
And apparently those wild plants
have very pretty colourful flowers.
Yes... But can I say something, Uncle?
If the coolies find out that you
have come here to look for yetis...
Everyone will run away.
It is true no one has seen a yeti.
But everyone fears it
and worships it like a god.
So, will you also run away,
my brave Sherpa, Mingma?
Are you kidding me?
I will stay with you.
So what?
We have no weapons.
What will you fight
the yeti with? Your crutch?
I have something
other than my crutch, Mingma.
Oh, I get it. Your secret weapon.
Okay, tell me something...
Kakababu! Help!
- No, its not that... Look...
- Santu!
Help! Save me! Help! Help!
Ka-Kakababu!
- Hold my hand...
- Help!
Get up! Come on!
How many times have I warned you
not to go out of our sight?!?
- You never listen to me.
- But I was with you.
- Suddenly... I saw...
- What did you see?
What did you see?
Those flowers...
Those colourful flowers...
Just like the ones mentioned
in Shipton's diary...
Those? Those are crocus...
Will you jump
at all colourful flowers now?
I was looking at those and slipped
and fell inside.
After I fell, I hit something with my foot.
- And then...
- Okay, okay...
Don't think we can make it to Kala Pathhar
today. Let's go back to the base camp.
- Okay.
- It will be evening soon.
Mingma, I think we should
put up a sign here.
So that no one falls
through the crevasse.
Okay, Uncle.
I will get it done.
Let's see if Santu has something
in his bag. Do you?
- Please check.
- Yes, go and check.
I'll see if I can find something.
- Move these things around and see. Not that.
- Got it.
- Uncle?
- Won't this do?
Good morning!
- Perfect time for you to wake up.
- Kakababu?
I have heard that there are
rocks under the snow.
But iron?
It is really an ironical situation.
Now come up, quickly, or you will miss it.
What? What will I miss?
Wait. Wait.
From darkness, lead me to light.
From death, lead me to immortality.
- What does it mean?
- Light at the end of the tunnel.
- Mingma, are we ready?
- Yes, Uncle.
- When should we leave for Everest?
- In another half an hour.
Okay.
We will reach Kala Pathhar
before evening.
- How long do you plan to stay there?
- A few hours.
Our first break
will be at Kala Pathhar.
We will camp overnight
and leave at daybreak.
Don't we have to climb
the Everest quickly?
Uncle, you are weird.
You have been camping
here for days...
And suddenly this morning
you decided to move forward...
Not only that. Now, you want to climb
the Everest quickly too...
Then, why so much time here?
Timing is very important
in life, Mingma.
If the timing is off, nothing works out.
So, how long does it take to climb
Mt. Everest from Kala Pathhar?
It will take about 7-8 days.
If we take South Col...
Uncle, are you really going
to climb Mt. Everest?
Mingma, one doesn't
climb mountains on foot...
It takes courage, confidence
and faith.
Ask them to hurry up.
We'll have to leave soon.
Yes, Uncle.
Norbu, what are you doing?
Bring our luggage out.
- What is that?
- That? That is a tooth.
Please get our luggage.
Whose tooth is this?
Well, I don't know...
It's Kakababu's thing...
Don't worry about that.
You just get our luggage. Come on.
Human beings don't have such big teeth.
It must be...
Put it down! Kakababu will be furious.
Put it down now!
Can't you hear me?
I'm asking you to put it down.
What are you doing? Why aren't you
listening to me? Put it down, now!
What happened?
What are you doing with that?
Nothing... I was just looking at it.
It's beautiful, isn't it.
Can I carry it?
No! Pack it immediately.
And what is Norbu doing on the floor?
Oh... He slipped and fell...
Norbu, get up. Come on.
I will get it done. Get up,
get up. Let's go...
How can you fall like that, Norbu?
You go ahead. I will do it.
Let me keep this safely, okay.
In the desert, snow, rivers or mountains If the
unbearable danger increases in every footstep
The mystery generates under the collar With
snake-like disaster and scorpion-like danger
In the desert, snow, rivers or mountains If the
unbearable danger increases in every footstep
The mystery generates under the collar With
snake-like diasaster and scorpion-like danger
Wars across the horizon are yet to be won
Raja is taking the field thereby
What happened? Are you feeling tired?
Should I ask them to stop?
No, no.
Do you remember the direction
of the lights we saw from the dome?
- Hmmm? Which direction?
- I really can't figure out. You tell me.
Why don't you draw up a map
of any new place in your mind?
Don't you recognise these rocks?
And this bend on the left?
Listen, I'll have to stay here for a bit.
I'll study this place thoroughly.
- Okay.
- You guys go ahead.
Okay. I will ask Mingma and Norbu
to go ahead. I will stay with you.
No, listen to me.
They will become suspicious.
They will think we are looking for yetis
instead of climbing the Everest.
You tell them that I am feeling tired
and I will catch up.
Ask them to camp at Kala Pathhar.
- Go on...
- But what will you do here by yourself?
Case dismissed. Now, go.
- Be careful...
- I said go...
Yeti!!!
Where?
Where? Where?
Where did you see it exactly?
Don't run away. Wait!
Why are you pulling me? Wait! Let me
take a photo? Kakababu will scold me...
Uncle! Uncle!
Uncle! Yeti!
- Yeti! Uncle! Yeti!
- Yeti? Where?
- The yeti is behind that mountain...
- Let's go...
- Uncle, we have run from this place...
- Where is the yeti?
It's there, by the mountain...
Santu has also seen it. Ask him.
- Did you see it?
- Yes, just a glimpse...
You ran back after seeing it
instead of following it?
Are you an idiot?
Or are you like the intellectuals
who are limited to Facebook posts?
Only fiery status updates and comments...
And you just fled?
Everyone was screaming so much...
What are you saying?
We are no match for a yeti!
It would have eaten us alive!
Are you crazy?
Mingma! Mingma!
- Uncle! We have to go back...
- Is it really a yeti's footprint? Really?
No one will go further than this.
Norbu said whoever looks at the yeti,
is a dead man.
Everyone will die!
Have you seen this revolver?
Everyone is quiet in front of this.
- Come on. Let's go!
- Have you gone completely mad?
- Norbu! Stop!
- Uncle, the yeti is the devil reincarnate...
Your bullets are not going to work on it.
Fine! You people dwell on your myths
and stories, Santu and I will go ahead.
- Santu, let's go...
- Kakababu, please listen to them... Wait!
- Uncle, please stop... Please listen to us...
- Move aside...
You have the letter from Nepal's King.
You have the support from police.
You have the full support
of both the governments.
They will bury us alive...
If they get to know
we left you alone here.
Then, you decide.
Police or yeti?
Although, both options are equally bad.
Come, come, come.
Anyway, I'm going ahead.
- Let me go.
- Wait! They are already scared...
What is happening?
What are you guys doing?
- Santu, ask them to put me down!
- Put him down.
- Ask them to put me down.
- What can I do? They are not listening to me.
Mingma! Put him down!
It would have been better
to be abducted by a yeti!
I am on a palanquin... hmmm...
Kakababu, now please stop singing!
We have to figure out a solution.
These guys have gone berserk.
What is your plan?
Please be careful. Mingma!
What is happening?
You can put him down now.
What do...
Thank you for carrying me so far.
Now, you guys get back safely.
Write to me. Okay?
Why are you being so stubborn?
You won't survive 2 days on your own here.
I am begging you...
Please come back with us.
You have been very restless
since morning...
Don't do it.
Otherwise, I will make sure you are
not just unable to climb mountains...
You will be unable
to use your own commode...
And my dear brave Mingma...
You don't have to be concerned
about our life or death anymore.
Why don't you rather go back to your village
and tell your family, friends and neighbours...
That a Sherpa's surname is not necessarily
Dorji, Gelu or Norgay
Sometimes, it is Roychowdhury!
Anyway, travel safe.
Pick this up.
Come on.
How are you feeling?
Are you okay? Or feeling scared?
No. I am okay.
- What should we do about food?
- Oh, yes! I am famished.
- Do we have any biscuits and cheese?
- Obviously, we do.
But I am talking about other things.
They left with everything.
They are the ones who cooked.
This is all the food we have.
How long can we survive on this?
Almost as if we were Robinson Crusoe!
Robinson Crusoe? Kakababu, you are still
in the mood to joke?
Why are you worrying so much?
So what we don't have food! Who cares!
I tried a couple of times in the morning.
But didn't get through.
Let me try... Let me try once again
to radio the news across to Syangboche...
Then help will arrive by evening.
What if the wireless doesn't work?
What if they are late? Then what?
What about avalanches?
What if the snow covers up the dome?
And to top it all off,
there's the yeti.
What will happen if a yeti comes?
Bad situation... We 're done.
All of these are possibilities
but the probabilty is very low.
Stop bothering yorself and take a nap.
Meanwhile, I'll try and make an SOS flag
with a stick.
- But we will run out of food...
- Still stuck on but...
Why don't you think of something else.
- So, how is Rini?
- What?
Rini, the one you got lost with in
the desert? You don't remember her?
Please, Kakababu...
Nothing like that happened, okay.
Anyway, we broke up.
What? Hope you are happy now.
And what about your days?
Is Time standing still?
More like Time is frozen
right now...
Bravo! But don't throw in
the towel so easily...
Keep moving. This too shall pass.
- My experience was...
- What?
- Santu! Santu! Wake up! Quick!
- What happened?
This is the perfect time to
think on your feet! Get up!
- What happened?
- The latch on the window is broken.
There is a wooden box there.
And a hammer and nails. Get them.
- Come quickly!
- Yes, coming...
- Come quickly, Santu!
Yes, fix it right here.
Got it? Yes. Hit it harder.
Okay, now this side...
A storm is brewing...
- Why are you singing now?
- Fix it. Fix it.
Great! Now go back to sleep...
I will keep trying to make contact...
Who is there? This is your last warning.
I will shoot once the door opens.
- No, Kakababu, wait. This could be...
- Yeti?
If the yeti is a living being then it will
definitely bow down in front of the bullet.
Please, Kakababu... Listen to me.
I am sure this must be...
Who is it?
It is not budging.
Interesting. Someone scared us
and locked us in.
What do you mean?
We can't escape unless
someone opens the door.
Trapped?!?
Actually, I was able to connect
to the base camp in the morning...
But then I lost the signal.
No idea if they are
sending a rescue party.
And even if they do, won't get here
before 2-3 days.
2-3 days? What about food?
And the cold?
The cold?
Even if we somehow manage to survive
the fall by escaping through that window,
the cold outside spells certain death...
Again if no air passes in through the
cracks, we will die due to lack of oxygen.
Crocodile in water, tiger on land...
Get it, Mr. Santu?
That's enough for now.
Go, lock the door from inside.
So that, whoever has locked us in,
can't get in.
- Go on.
- Yes, right away.
Lines of destiny crash on the hills Where a
small ship also carries the news of a storm
Still you have to keep walking with a smile
Even if you have to keep floating
When even the lonely Sun gets covered in the
morning The mist tells stories of tragedy
Take another path but have to keep moving
Miles to go
Have to keep moving on a snowy night Have to
cover the days of struggle and nights of pain
Tired feet are covered in avalanche
Blue wounds of hard times are here
Hot lava engulfs the Pompeii days End
of the day comes the account of struggle
Still got to move taking measured steps
Have to move determined
Dreams have turned into cold lifeless
stones Pain draws patterns under the feet
Still have to move
Have to move finding a way
Have to keep moving on a snowy night Have to
cover the days of struggle and nights of pain
Anybody in there?
Is anybody inside?
Is anybody in there?
We are breaking the
lock and opening the door.
Now, open the lock from inside.
- Go, open the latch.
- Yes.
- Is everything okay?
- Your Bengali is very good for a Verma.
I've studied in Kolkata's Loreto College...
stayed in the YWCA hostel.
Well, even I am also pretty good
in this regard.
Darjeeling North Point.
I have many Bengali friends.
That's great! Now if we can get some food...
We have been starving for the last few days...
We are arranging for the food.
But first tell us,
who is that man outside?
- Man?
- Yes.
We've been here for the last 5 days.
He was not there when we entered the dome
or when the sherpas left.
From the rigor mortis it seems
he's been dead for 2 weeeks.
But body has not decayed
due to the cold.
So, what do we do now?
We have to send the body for post mortem
to Kathmandu via Syangboche.
This man looks very strange.
He is thin but unnaturally so.
He looks like he died
because he was on a diet.
Mr. Roychowdhury, I have a suggestion.
We can all go back
in the helicopter.
He is attracted to words like danger,
challenge, impossible, risky...
It can be the pyramid or the Jarwa...
I think we should send the body back
in the helicopter...
Let's get it back here at our disposal.
Till then, let's hear Mr. Roychowdhury's
plan of action.
Its just that, we have to investigate
what we have come so far for.
Mr. Roychowdhury, you don't believe
in yetis, do you?
And you are not scared either?
No! You want to know why?
Because I deal with human beings.
And no animal is more
dangerous than humans.
Have you ever heard of yetis
pulling young yetis out...
..of the army school and shooting them
at point blank range?
Anyway, if a revolver
or a 9 mmr carbine is pointed at it...
Not just a yeti,
even a dragon will flee...
I have seen the yeti.
- Behind a rock enroute Kala Pathhar.
- Exactly!
So, we should go back to the place
where Santu saw the yeti.
Because no matter what Santu has seen...
Or whatever stories the Sherpas have been
telling their kids for ages...
Or whatever Shipton had mentioned in his
diary... Someone needs to find the truth.
How did Shipton
disappear or die?
Did a yeti kill him?
Where was his body disposed?
Do yetis really eat human?
Etcetra, etcetra...
And we won't be able to find any answers
sitting in front of this dome.
Anyway, we don't have much to do
till the helicopter comes back.
Let's check out the spot.
We might just find some clues.
- Kakababu...
- Hmmm...
Whoever it is, put your hands in the air!
Mingma!
Mingma!!!
I asked myself.
Who is brave? Who is courageous?
Who is the real Sherpa?
The one who has come to scale Everest
on one foot?
The one who will catch the yeti?
Or is it me who fled leaving them behind?
Ma'am, I am a true blue Sherpa.
I won't be able to live with such shame.
That's why I came back.
And Uncle, if you don't take me back,
I am ready to kill myself.
You do whatever you want.
But first tell us,
why did you lock them in from outside?
- I'm telling you, I don't know anything.
- Stop lying!
The government would have punished you
for leaving them behind.
That's why you planned
to kill them.
Please believe me, Sir! I know nothing.
Uncle, you too... Please believe me.
Santu, please tell them.
Sherpas are not like this.
Sherpas are never disloyal.
Yes, I deserted them.
I was wrong.
But what is this about locking the door...
I don't know, I don't know...
It's okay.
Are you going to stay here now or are you
going to run away again from the yeti?
No, Uncle. Never again.
Never ever again.
You will see. I will give up my life
but I will never abandon you again.
- What exactly did you see here?
- A figure. A huge body.
- Almost like a monkey or a bear.
- And it disappeared when we screamed.
No, no, I am fine.
I've been on this route many times.
No, no. It's all rubbish.
Whoever I ask, "Have you seen a yeti?"
They say no.
"My friend has seen." Or "My uncle has
seen." But no one has seen it themselves.
But it's true. That day almost 10 of us
saw the yeti.
- I am swearing on Pashupatinath. Right, Santu?
- Correct!
In fact, Kakababu had even seen yeti's
footprints. It was human-like but much bigger.
And instead of five,
it had only four digits.
Santu, look there...
How will the four of us look for him?
Please try and understand.
I feel we are very close
to solving this mystery.
Caine Shipton also disappeared from here.
He had also seen a yeti.
Exactly the same way we did.
And I'm pretty sure this is somehow
connected to Kakababu's disappearance.
I had fallen into a crevasse and instead of
rocks, I had felt an iron slab down there.
Iron slab?
Mingma has even marked the spot
with a flag. Right?
Yes, Santu but...
We won't find that flag
there anymore.
I don't care about the flag.
We have to locate the spot.
It is absolutely necessary
to investigate that spot.
I'll go there myself
if I have to. Mingma?
Yes, Santu. Don't worry.
We'll find Uncle no matter what.
Excuse me, Columbus!
Have you seen the sky?
A storm is coming.
I suggest we all get out of here
the moment the helicopter arrives.
The helicopter's here.
Come on. Let's go.
- Mingma, let's go.
- Wait... Listen, Santu...
Don't be stubborn. Come with us.
You and Mingma...
You are forgetting Officer Verma.
I am a Roychowdhury too.
I hope you get more medals and promotions.
There's nothing we can do...
What a stubborn guy!
He really is Kakababu's nephew!
- I was just saying that...
- Hello!
The path was here
somewhere through the peaks.
Should we go in that direction?
- Santu! See!
- The flag...
- There it is! We found it! Let's go.
- Let's go, let's go.
Santu! Found the iron slab!
We found the iron slab!
I have a feeling you are minnow,
not the shark.
Should I guess your name
or just presume you are Dr. Livingstone?
Stop fooling around Roychowdhury
and just stay where you are.
Wow! You are a Bengali recruit!
There are so many international agents around
but they still sent a Bengali yeti to kill me?
Yes! Because we wanted your last words
to be in your mother tongue!
Wow! Fantastic!
I have a nagging question
which only you can answer.
Are yetis from West Bengal or East Bengal?
You'll know the answer soon.
My revolver has bullets
and I will count till three.
Time for your last prayer...
One...
Two...
Three...
Did you really think by wearing
this cheap bear skin yeti costume or...
making those fake
footprints on the snow...
you will scare me
and I will be scared?
Exactly the same way you've been scaring
the locals for the last three years and...
your organisation has been taking advantage
to intercept our defence information...
to sell it to various terrorist groups
beyond the borders.
Well, you've got us. I thought the
fake bullet will give you a heart attack.
Happens to a lot of people.
But didn't work on you.
Therefore, plan B which is the second way
to make sure you die of natural causes.
If I shoot, stab or poison you, the police will
suspect something when they find your body.
They will increase their
patrolling of these parts.
And it will hamper our business.
That's why we have to
ensure natural deaths.
By starvation... The way you killed the Chinese
man and left his body to scare us. Right?
He knew too much.
So, we were ordered...
Anyway, let's see how long
you can survive without food.
Excuse me, Mister!
I have bullets in my gun, Roychowdhury.
Let him go.
You don't believe me?
Wow! Your gun really
does have bullets!
Congratulations! Should I get
some sweets too?
Should we celebrate?
Stop your gibberish! Come!
- Aren't you going to tie my hands?
- No need for that.
It's a Persian knot.
Even Alexander had tried and failed...
Hmmm... An educated villain...
I'm loving it. Let's go...
Can't we get out of here
through this window?
No, Mr. Gupta. Its very rocky.
We will die for sure.
Right in front of you...
Santu, run!
Santu, don't listen to them.
I forbid you.
Santu, run away from here...
If you come here, they will kill us both.
Run for your life!
Go and inform the police.
Santu, have you lost your mind?
Listen to what I am saying.
Your Kakababu is asking you not to come.
You must listen to me.
Santu, you are making me very angry now!
Kakababu is asking you to get out of here!
Santu!
I can hear you, Kakababu, but...
Please forgive me.
This once I will not be able to obey you...
I cannot leave you behind...
If we die, we will die together!
Santu, stop arguing with your elders!
I forbid you to come here.
Please, Santu, I'm begging you. Please, don't
come here. Please, run away from here...
Santu, can you hear me?
Please, don't come here, Santu!
Look there! Right there!
He is running away!
Catch him. Catch him.
- Where did they go?
- They were right here...
Two of you come with me.
We'll go that side and check.
- Shine your torch that side...
- Let's go. Let's go.
There... There... There...
One of them is getting away... Catch him.
Catch that boy!
Mingma, don't give up!
There were a lot of underground caves here.
Excuse me, Sir.
I know where it is.
Santu, are you okay?
Yes, and Kakababu?
He is okay.
Santu, listen carefully.
Take seven steps and then sit down.
Understood?
Is it clear?
After seven steps, blow them up.
Not just India or Nepal, you've done a huge
favour for the entire world plagued by terrorism.
I'm sure you guys must be quite hungry?
Nothing.
I'll tell you.
He is thinking if the thirsty can't go to
the well, can the well come to the thirsty?
It seems like something
is still bothering you.
How did you know?
That's why you are the nephew and I'm not.
What happened?
No, actually, it would have been nice
if yetis were real.
I've been reading about them
since I was a kid...
Loch ness monster, yeti, roc bird,
dragon, unicorn...
Almost like believing
that the Santa Claus is real...
The tales we hear, the stories we read...
Almost like being part of the mysterious family.
We can't see them
but they are there somewhere.
Like a distant relative who has had
many adventures, right?
Tch! My entire childhood just seems
like a lie now.
Are you telling me
you've suddenly grown up?